[Security Platform] Notification Profiles (#12170)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/notification_profiles.md

On the Notification Profiles page, view and search through all created Notification Profiles. Create, edit, clone, enable, disable, delete, or view Notification Profiles created by users in your organization.

{{< img src="security_platform/notification-profiles-overview.png" alt="Notification Profiles" >}}

## Create a notification profile

To create a new notification profile, follow the instructions below:

1. In Datadog, navigate to the [Notification Profiles tab][1].
2. Click on the New Notification Profile button in the top right corner of the page.
3. Input a Name for your notification profile in the *Name* field.
4. Define the logic for when this notification profile is triggered by conditions matching to security rule and/or security signal.
    - For security rules, notification profiles can be made with the following conditions: severity, rule type or rule tags.
    - For security signals, notification profiles can be made for any matching signal tag or attribute.

    For example, severity set as `Medium` means a signal triggers an enabled notification profile as long as the security signal rule condition set in Step 4 is met at least once.

> 5. Using the *Recipients* field, select all relevant parties you want to notify. For example, notify individuals, teams, lists, or handles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select all relevant parties you want to notify in the **Recipients** field. For example, notify individuals, teams, lists, or handles.
```

> 6. The right side panel provides a preview of rules matching to the notification profile, which help indicate if the notification profile is too specific or broad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. A panel with a preview of rules matching the notification profile appears to the right, which helps indicate if the notification profile is too specific or broad.
```

> 7. Save the notification profile. This automatically activates the notification profile and navigates you back to the main Notification Profiles page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Save and Activate** to save the notification profile. This automatically activates the notification profile and navigates you back to the main **Notification Profiles** page.
```

{{< img src="security_platform/notification-profiles-setup.png" alt="Setup of a notification profile" >}}

> If the notification profile is associated with a Security Rule, it can be viewed in the Rule details view in the “Set severity and notifications” section.

Reviewer: Does this suggestion make sense? I was looking at this [POV](https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/rules/view/qua-hce-h5m) for the **set severity and notification** section. If not, feel free to discard!

```suggestion
If the notification profile is associated with a Security Rule, you can view the profile's trigger conditions in the “Set severity and notifications” section in your rules.
```

> If the notification profile matches set conditions, the resulting notification includes details about the matched notification profile in the footer of the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the notification profile matches set conditions, the resulting notification includes details about the matched notification profile in the notification footer.
```

## Manage a notification profile

### Search

> The free text search filters Notification Profiles by text in the Notification Profile. Selecting a tag within a rule type, rule tags, signal tags, or attributes adds the tag to the search, and displays Notification Profiles matching the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The free text search filters notification profiles by text in the **Notification Profile** page. Select a tag within a rule type, rule tags, signal tags, or attributes to add the tag in the search, which displays notification profiles matching the value.
```

> Query results update in real time when the query is edited; there is no “Search” button to click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you edit the search query, search results update in real-time. There is no **Search** button.
```

> The free text search filters notification profiles by text in the **Notification Profile** page. Select a tag within a rule type, rule tags or signal tags to add the tag in the search, which displays notification profiles matching the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The free text search filters notification profiles by text in the **Notification Profile** page. Select a tag within a rule type, rule tags, or signal tags to add the tag in the search, which displays notification profiles matching the value.
```

### Enable or disable

Use the toggle switch in the top right corner of the notification profile card to enable or disable a notification profile.

### Edit

> To edit a notification profile, hover over the notification profile card and click on it.

Reviewer: I agree with this but when I tried this out [in-a]](https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/notification-profiles), clicking the profile card did not let me edit the profile, clicking anywhere else in the card let me edit.

```suggestion
To edit a notification profile, hover over the notification profile card and click on it.
```

Author: Interesting, it seems to be working fine on my end as there are multiple cards set up. Will check in with the team on this one.

### Clone

> To clone a notification profile, click the menu in the top right corner of the notification profile card and select the *Clone Notification Profile* option from the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clone a notification profile, click the kebab menu in the top right corner of the notification profile card and select the **Clone Notification Profile** option from the menu.
```

### Delete

> To delete a notification profile, click the menu in the top right corner of the notification profile card and select the *Delete Notification Profile* option from the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a notification profile, click the kebab menu in the top right corner of the notification profile card and select the **Delete Notification Profile** option from the menu.
```
